Which of the following can be customized in a package?
Feature List

Which of the following git commands would you use to update the master branch?
merge

All of the following external service are available for remote backup destination except
iCloud

One of the most important features used by developer is the Application Manager. What is the main use of this manageer?
register and uregister applications

Let's assume a node.js developer has an account called "user" on your WHM server abd they followed the cPanel guide to creating a test node.js
/home/user/nodejsapp/app.js

Assuming a cPanel account is using a Feature List with the "SSH Access & Terminal" feature enabled, which privillege will they need to actually acess the Terminal feature:
Shell Access

A simple definition of a "package" in a WHM server would be as follows:
a set of resource limits and list of usable features

During backup you need to specify staging directories. Which of the following can not be used as a staging directory on your server?
/backup

The main purpose of the application Git is?
code version control

What is the version control feature provided by cPanel
Git

Which term is defined as:"Adding custom content to header or footer of the UI"?
includes

The EasyApache profiles are found in which location?
/etc/cpanel/ea4

When you run the "ea_install_profile" command and you want to test the output. but not actually install the profile you would use which option?
default (no option)

The location of the branding files for roots is foud in which of these locations?
/var/cpanel/customizations/brand

Which of the following interfaces are you able to make branding changes to match your companies logo and brand?
cPanel & Webmail

The location of the branding files for resellers is found in which of these locations?
/home/reseller/var/cpanel/reseller/brand

When creating a custom profile file. which file type is used to store the information?
jSON

The ea-cpanel-tools package contains executables to help you manage your EasyApache 4 configurations from the command line are found in this location:
/usr/local/bin

Which term is defined as:"Applies an overlay the skeletal framework for all the interfaces"?
Theme

cpapi2 calls are simillar to which other type of API calls?
uapi

Which language is used for a plugin installation?
PHP

An example of an API could be seen as which of the following situations?
Acquire a list of databases

Which file contains the setting for a plugin?
Configuration

Which is the primary API that is used to modify cPanel user data?
WHM API 1

What of the following can be described as a structured way for one program to offer services to other programs?
API

WHM plugins MAY BE available to which type of accounts?
Root or Reseller

While not advised. which port would you use for unsecured API calls to a specific cPanel account?
2082

Which API performs server-level tasks?
WHM API 1

Webmail plugins are available to which type of accounts?
Mail user

All of the following scripts can be used in an application file except..
Png

All of the following code type can be run as a hook except
Git

How many categories of hookable events are possible?
8

Hook action code must be treated as an encoded data structure of which of the following types?
JSON

All hook action scripts must have the correct file permissions to work properly. which permissions do they need to have?
755

To enable debug mode you would do which of these actions?
Choose the option from the Tweak Setting interface.

To register a hookable event which script would you run?
/usr/local/cpanel/bin/manage_hooks

The scripts that you need to use to "register" you standard hook is called ...
manage_hooks

All of the following stages can be hooked during a backup except
post

All of the following categories are hookable events except..
Upadate

All of the following type of code ca be used as a hook action code are permissible except..
.exe
Which API allows you to manage cPanel licenses?
Manage2 API
