
1. What is JB config and when it's useful?

It’s a unique snapshot of your system’s architecture, used for licensing 
JetBackup internal data containing all the configuration and is useful when migrating servers or restoring from a disaster
There is no such thing as JB Config
JetBackup internal database that is useful for logs and statistics

2. Is it possible to backup DNS Zones only?

Yes, using hooks
Yes, inside backup job settings check only "DNS Zones" under "Backup Contains"
Yes, using file excludes 
No, a full account backup will contain all user data including DNS Zones.

3. Which notification(s) below will you receive under a Critical Alert level?

A backup Job partially completed
JetBackup is unable to reach your destination
Custom hook failed to execute.
An account restore failed to complete

4. What is required for a Backup-on-demand?

An active backup job configured for full account backups
An active backup job with incremental supported destinations
An active backup job
An active backup job with object storage support

5. Can I restore a single file from a backup?

Yes, but this is limited to incremental backups only
Yes, only from a Google drive destination
Yes, you can restore a single file from any backup
No, only a full account restore is possible
 

 6. I can see backups in WHM for my client but when the client tries to browse his backups through the JetBackup section of the cPanel GUI, it appears as if there are no backups. How is this possible?

Admin has prevented access to snapshots through JetBackup ACL
The backup index must be wrong(admin needs to run re-index)
JetBackup is not enabled inside cPanel’s feature manager
Admin has disabled "Backup Visibility" inside the backup destination

7. Can you set the backup to run every 30 minutes?

Yes, only when the job is not running
No, JetBackup decides when the job will run randomly and the minimum interval is daily
No, the minimum interval is hourly
Yes, there is no minimum interval

8. How does JetBackup handle a multi-scheduled Backup Job?

JetBackup tags each backup with the appropriate schedule type(s) and only executes once if multiple schedules align at the same time
JetBackup executes the backup job for each schedule type to ensure that there’s a backup for the correct schedule regardless if it’s at the same time.
JetBackup does not support multi-scheduled Backup Job and you would need to create separate Backup Jobs per schedule.
JetBackup executes backup jobs daily and retroactively modifies existing backups and tags with the correct schedule type that coincides with the schedules set in the backup job.


9 Is it possible to backup mailboxes only?

Yes, using hooks
Yes, using file excludes 
JetBackup supports this through the interface, by checking "Backup Only Email Structure" under "Backup contains" from within a job's settings.
No, a full account backup will contain all user data including emails.


10. Is there a way to log backup activity for a certain account?

Yes, through a JetBackup hook
Yes, you can use cron jobs to monitor JetBackup jobs and identify when a certain account is backed up.
Yes, it is possible using cPanel settings in the Account
No, it’s not possible


11.  If a client wishes to receive certain Alert level notifications or wishes to disable some, where within the interface should they navigate?

Change default email in /root/.forward
WHM -> JetBackup -> Settings -> Notification
There is no option to change notification settings
Change settings inside cPanel Contact Manager


12. Can a client schedule a backup job to run right after another backup job?

No, but backups can run simultaneously
It Depends on the job type, only same type backups can run one after another
Yes - JetBackup has a schedule type "after job is done"
No, each backup will run at the specified time in the job settings

13. What are the benefits of a backup hook? What does it allow you to do in the general sense?

A hook is there for JetBackup internal purposes only 
A hook allows me to run a script at the hook point supplying relevant parameters
A hook allows me to install 3rd party plugins
A hook allows me to rewrite & modify JetBackup core functions
 

 14. When editing user permissions, what is the difference between no and never?

No will deny the action, Never will deny & won’t allow permission override
Never will deny action & its children 
There is no difference.
Never will ignore the action

15. Is it possible for a cPanel user to only view backups without being able to restore them?

Yes, using the JetBackup permissions system 
No, once a cPanel user has access to his backups he is not limited to any action
Yes, but It depends on the backup job type (incremental vs compressed)
Yes, by default cPanel users can only view and root admin can restore


16. All backup destinations support incremental backups

No
No, Amazon s3 doesn’t support incremental backups 
Incremental backups are not supported at all
Yes


17. I have accounts with over 1 Million inodes, what is the best way to skip those accounts during a backup job?

Create a new hook that checks account inode count and will fail the action accordingly 
Inside backup job settings, choose only the accounts you want to backup, skipping the affected accounts
Create a new filter type Accounts, choose the accounts you would like to exclude.
Create a new filter type "Inode usage" and set limits accordingly 

18. What is an orphan backup?

A backup of an addon domain that is not linked to any main cPanel account.
A backup that was not indexed for more than 30 days, and removed from the DB. 
A backup from another control panel (non-cPanel)
A backup of an account that has been terminated from WHM


19. What is the difference between an archived backup and a compressed backup? (How is archived different?)

Archived is an uncompressed version of a compressed backup
Archive only stores changes inside tar file
Archive is a gzip version of a compressed backup
There is no difference


20. Compressed backups are supported for all destinations.

No
Compressed backups are not supported 
Yes
Compressed backups are supported only on Object server based destinations



21. I have a Backup Job that has been running for some time. I then add a new destination for the same Backup Job. How will JetBackup process the backups on the first run after adding a new destination?

JetBackup will continue with incremental backups on the original destination and generate the initial full backups on the new destination.
JetBackup will continue with incremental backups on both the original and new destination.
JetBackup will remove the existing backups on the original destination and generate a new set of backups for both destinations to ensure consistency.
JetBackup does not allow adding a new destination once the destination(s) has already been set on the Backup Job.
